Social Networks
Again, like all best Tor sites, and unlike the clearnet social networks, these social networks listed here do not track you, do not invade your privacy or disclose your information to any third party.
So, if you’re someone like me who needs a social network but isn’t comfortable exposing yourself on the clearnet networks, these are the alternatives for people like us.
•	The Dark Lair
Website: http://vrimutd6so6a565x.onion/index.php/Board
It’s one of the best Tor sites under the social networks categories, allowing you to post both as an anonymous as well as a registered user.
The site design is somewhat like Orkut and so are the features. Allows uploading text as well as media files and is free to join.
•	BlackBook
Website: http://blkbookppexymrxs.onion/
Basically it’s a Facebook clone, all the features, layout and options are almost identical (to the Facebook of around half a decade back).
It does show some ads but they aren’t as intrusive as those on the original Facebook on the clearnet, and obviously it doesn’t ask for your Social security or KYC details of any kind.
•	Galaxy 3
Website: galaxy3m2mn5iqtn
Which is the best Social Network on the planet? As of now, I doubt you’ll disagree it being Facebook? But then again, Facebook is quite the opposite of what Privacy or Anonymity stand for.
Galaxy 3 is what solves the problem for Deep Web Users. If you’re searching for some of the best Tor sites, I suppose a social network is pretty high up the list of requirements, isn’t it?
Galaxy 3 is extremely and completely anonymous, as well as not heavily censored. Sure it’s not as feature-rich, neither does it have such an impressive UI.
Registration is extremely fast and simple. Some rules still apply, Illegal Porn, Trade etc. aren’t allowed.
•	Atlayo
Website: atlayofke5rqhsma
Atlayo is a social network which being on the Tor network is anonymous even though it requires registration (obviously). A username and E-mail are required to sign up. The E-mail can be anonymous and random.
Once logged in, you can optionally upload a profile photo. Some of the primary options it provides include creating a blog, an event, a group or a page. You can share media, create polls, record voice, share Gifs/location (never), and upload files directly.
The search-feature is broken and often returns 404 error. Profile-interface largely resembles that of Facebook’s.  It’s pretty active, and quite a few posts are related to the Deep/ Dark web. Does feature “verified profiles”.  Still in Beta. During registrations I kept getting the “403 Forbidden” error multiple times over.
•	Write.as
Website: writeas7pm7rcdqg
It’s not exactly a social-network, rather a writing and blogging platform. However I’m sure they aren’t very far apart. Anonymity is its primary selling point. Absolutely no registration is required to start scribbling down your thoughts. No personal verification, identification or documentation required.
Although the posts are moderated before being published.If you do however opt for the paid plan which costs USD $5.00, this moderation requirement is lifted off.
The paid plan also offers password protection, hosting photos, private blogs etc. Tumblr, Ghost, Mastodon and Pleroma can be connected for post-sharing.
Horror Sites
Like Paranormal activities? Or real-life encounters of unknown forces? Too tired of sleeping peacefully?
This horror sites is one of the best Tor sites in this category capable of giving you shivers for quite a few days!
•	Numbers Station
Website: http://tutdwuh7mlji5we3.onion/
One of the most popular creepy sites on the Onion network! Make sure you’ve your headphones on.
The sites keeps sending weird transmissions in languages we don’t understand, not creepy enough? Give it a try you’ll change your opinion.
For a lot bigger list, check out our post on the most creepy sites on the internet.

